now we cross
face goat ahead of us area
victory is actually the center of Minsk this one
stood 16 electrolux order of the great
patriotic war
its legislation
in memory of the health of fidel 5 with trams and
about all who died about all who fought
by the way in the city the rows are rather narrow
movement is by the way
somewhat limits
Jap because harm strips to drive
pretty scary
charging known to render very
strictly by the way here is someone in front of you
I tried not from my own series of checks
companies and here it was caught
traffic police
useless it's there right down below
share a good question besides dancers
Svyatoslav began
now in all pharmacies park named after bitter
to the right of
just come on the square
dream board though for the price of church
all there and in the city very illuminated
ugly
but practically in the heart of the city
Now it's May
on the right we see the republic palace
and in the village the residence of the president
just pay attention to
the lack of complete and practically
lack of outdoor advertising constrictions
what architecture is there therefore in
principle can
yes it is quite cancer
enjoy the idea of ​​the architects
the city center is made very beautiful
and now we are in addition to that building
City Hall on the right side one
completely rebuilt by the old
drawings
he is also a town hall
but on the right across the river is poor about an expert
the suburb is completely redo
rebuilt too
in general, everything was practically
destroyed such a piece of old
Minsk
destroyed everything was clear business
or apartment hid the fact that the Germans
did not have time to destroy 40 pen forty-four
the war was going to destroy
and therefore historical memory
but since
now there are other ice rinks
attention but when the crowds
name and installation by
on the hotel building Belarus